Documentation refactor + nitpicky + example review + chaos (#318)
LM-SAL/aiapy: docs/getting_started.rst

.. _aiapy-getting-started-index:

******************************
Getting started with ``aiapy``
******************************

> ``aiapy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source library to to convert AIA images from level 1 to level 1.5, compute point spread function deconvolution, and computing the wavelength response functions for the EUV channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``aiapy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source Python library for analyzing data from the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly (AIA) onboard the Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO). 
Capabilities include converting AIA images from level 1 to level 1.5, deconvolving images with the instrument point spread function, and computing the wavelength response functions for the EUV channels.
```

Reviewer: Actually, maybe this text can just be removed altogether. There's not really a need to repeat what's on the main page.

Author: I can remove it.

.. toctree::

>     :maxdepth: 2

Author: ```suggestion
    :maxdepth: 1
```
